IMP] developer/reference/cli: add --pre-upgrade-scripts, improve --upgrade-path (#12528)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/cli.rst

   specify an additional upgrade path.

.. option:: --pre-upgrade-scripts <pre_upgrade_scripts>

>    specify upgrade scripts to be run before loading base module when an upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   comma-separated list of path to upgrade scripts to be run before loading base module when an upgrade
```
